Hello, beautiful co-creators!
Lilou, here.
This is for Gaiam TV.
Today, I'm with a Marie
Diamond in Monaco.
Wow.
Here we are.
-Yes.
And wonderful to be with
you and with Gaiam TV.
Wonderful.
Yeah.
Yes.
So we're going to speak of
the law of attraction, quantum
physics, Feng Shui-- all those
amazing things that we want
to, probably a lot
of us-- at least I
want to personally
integrate that in my life,
to use those wonderful tools.
You were one of the featured
teachers in then "The Secret."
You probably have
seen that movie.
And seven other documentaries.
From what I heard,
you're an author,
you travel the world, and
your-- your this expert.
You've been fascinated by this
topic for quite awhile, huh?
Yes.
Yes, I've been fascinated
with the law of attraction
actually since I was
seven, but really,
very focused since I was 15.
So it's already
quite a few years.
Hm.
What did you meant, back then,
about the law of attraction?
Had you heard of
it or it's later
on that you pinpointed it?
No, it was actually--
I met a spiritual mentor
when I was seven.
Early on, right?
And I really felt I wanted
to contribute to the world.
And he said, well,
then you need to learn
about the law of attraction.
So that was the
first time I heard
the-- the experience and the
words, law of attraction.
And explained me how to do the
law of attraction at seven.
In Belgium?
Because you were in
Belgium back then.
In Belgium.
Yes, yes.
But you know, I
was a young child.
So I was like, how do I do that?
He said, what do you want?
That was his first question.
What do you want?
I said, I want a happy home.
You know, my home was not very
happy, there was a lot of--
Unhappy parents?
Well, conflicts between
the family, and parents,
and my older siblings.
You know, it was the
time of the 1968, 1969.
So everybody was in
generation conflict.
And I just wanted to
have a happy family.
He said, well, why
don't you start
making beautiful drawings?
And draw, over, and over, and
over again, what you want.
Because that's what
children do, right?
They're drawing.
They're making
vision boards, right?
And so he gave me five colors
to work with because he said,
well, colors give a
certain vibration.
And I had to start
working with rose,
aqua blue, yellow,
citrus green, and violet.
And so I had my five markers.
And I was always creating
a beautiful, happy home.
And a home with the
rainbows and hearts.
And I didn't really feel the
difference really at first,
but then when I was nine,
something really major
happened.
My oldest brother actually
left the home, without consent
getting married.
At the time, you had to still
have consent of the parents,
right?
And so I was very unhappy
that my brother just left.
So I start drawing,
over and over
again, that he would be with
us at the Christmas dinner.
And that we would
actually-- he would
shake hands with my father.
And I was like for-- for months,
I was drawing this every day.
And I was visualizing, right?
I was focusing on it.
But there was no reaction
until just before Christmas.
I got a letter him with
five lollies, right?
To ear.
And there were exactly in these
five colors I was drawing.
And I thought like, oh my god.
Something is working, you know?
And then I knew his address
because he gave me his address.
So I wrote him a
letter and said,
I want you to come
for Christmas dinner,
but come first to shake
hands with your-- our Father.
And actually, I gave him a date.
He came.
And we had the most wonderful
Christmas dinner ever.
And that was my
first, real experience
of focusing, creating almost
a daily visual of what
I really wanted as a child.
And from that day
on, I was hooked.
Yeah.
-Hm.
So how did you
later on-- because
from my understanding
you were a lawyer.
So how did you go from
that-- from learning
and understanding that you're
a co-creator to going into law?
Law of vibrations, no?
Well, you know, one of the
things that my spiritual mentor
said to me, that I
needed to understand
how, collectively, the law
of attraction is working.
Because as humanity, as a group
of people in every country,
we are doing the law
of attraction, too.
Not individually,
but collectively.
And based on that collective
law of attraction,
we put things in paper.
And the law that we're
creating is actually,
I would say, a visual.
It's a constant reminder.
And so we are
programming ourselves
through our physical laws and
the legal laws, of course.
And so he-- each time I
actually went to study,
then he came and he
explained me kind of
how the cosmic laws were
working with the human laws.
And so I learned a
lot about leadership
through becoming a lawyer.
And the first five
years as a lawyer,
I start working
with the government
in Europe and Belgium.
And understanding how trying
to change people's mind
and perhaps create different
laws-- because laws
are just an expression
of the mindset
of a-- a community in a way.
And so try to bring positive
energy to the leaders
of my country and of society.
And after five years, I
said, well, it's nice,
but I have other things to do.
So I became a teacher of the
law of attraction, of Feng Shui,
and meditation.
And universal laws.
And universal laws, but--
How do you-- what are those?
Well, I think the
first law that I always
work with is the law of love.
I think that's the first one.
And I always say law, l-a-w,
actually is the same as love.
It's just it's a different
way to say things.
And I think the first
step is always like,
do you love yourself?
Do you love others?
Do you love the planet?
I think that's the major
law that I always work with.
And--
Because it's hard
to do anything,
if we don't have that,
is it-- isn't it?
If you do not have
that intention of love,
then it's-- people speak a
lot about having passion.
But I said, that's great,
but if you don't have love,
then I don't think you
can even have passion.
So that's the first law
that I always work with.
And I think the
second law, for me,
is always-- is the law of light.
The law of lightness, and to
try to be light in your life,
and show light
through your eyes,
and-- and be the
light for others.
But I think if you have
love, you also-- it's easier
to be light, and to
be lighter, and not
get into the density of life.
And so all the things--
It can get dense, yes.
It does.
And it's one of the things
I've always focused on,
is to create enlightenment.
Because enlightenment
means I'm in the light.
I'm all the time in the light.
And I always look for
systems, energy systems
that lighten up people's
lives, and their mind,
and their hearts, so that
they would be able to be
more loving to each other.
And I think that's what
the law of attraction
always is really
important about it.
It's that if you
focus on the light,
if you focus on the
love, then things will
really come beautifully to you.
Do we have to be really precise
with the law of attraction?
Or is it more important
that there is that love,
and that light, and
that trust, and then
things, according to that
and that high level, come?
Well, I would say
it's a mix, I think.
I think you're being how
you are in the morning.
You know, you wake up.
It's like the first
thing is, have
the intention of being loving.
Have the intention of being
light for yourself, for others,
your community, your
colleagues, you know,
your family, your friends.
But then it's also
important to be precise.
It's like, where do you
want to be loving towards?
Who do you want to
be loving towards?
Because the universe, I
always say, it's a little bit
of a mathematician in a way.
You know, he wants preciseness.
He wants a certain order.
So therefore, I believe
we need to have goals.
And I always say the word goal.
You know, we look at the word
goal and it actually says,
go-al.
You know, go all the way.
But connecting with
the all-- connecting
with all the light, and all
the love, and all the greatness
that you can be.
And so don't limit yourself,
but be precise in saying,
I want all.
You know, I want
all the happiness,
I want all the
greatness, and the wealth
that I can bring forward.
But not just for yourself.
I believe the law of attraction
is not a selfish law.
It's actually a law of impact.
And I've seen-- if you
focus on how much people
you want to impact with your
talents and your skills--
and I'm sure you
had that idea, too.
You were not just doing
this for yourself,
you know, bringing this forward.
And I actually made that
decision when I was 15.
After a near death
experience, I woke up
and I said, what
I am here to do?
And I came up with saying,
I'm here to enlighten
more than 500 million people.
I'm here to bring light to
500 million?
Wow.
And I believe it's
because of that focus at 15
that I ended up in "The
Secret" because-- and I'm
with you right now and
I'm with all of you.
And that is my
every morning focus.
-Oh, so you have affirmations?
-Yes.
I have an affirmation and--
but when I do the affirmation,
I don't say like, oh, you
know, oh, I'm connecting
which 500 million people.
It's first feeling the love
for 500 million people.
-Mm.
-Yeah.
That's a whole other level.
Yes.
It's a whole other level.
Yeah.
And everyone I met is one
of these 500 million people.
Why 500 million?
I mean, that just came as a
number to me at that time.
And I've been trusting that.
And I know, for
example, "The Secret,"
and other documentaries,
and all the work
I do is actually
because every morning,
I feel and love
500 million people.
And I know this 500 million
people have at least four
or five people
around them, right?
Mm hm.
So, well, perhaps I'm
already connecting with 2.5
billion people around them.
And so I really try
to just be focused.
And the pure, pure
intention of the law
of attraction, the love
of attraction, I think
is a major deal for me.
Yeah.
So you-- you are, um--
do you picture it already?
Are you already living
it and then it comes?
Or is that still as a future--
-No.
It's a living.
I think we start always
with a visualization
because we start first, trying
to see it outside of us.
But it, ultimately, needs
to be a real be-- living it.
Not believing it,
but be living it.
To really live that part.
So when I wake up, I
just, in meditation, I
connecting with 500
million people and beyond.
You know, I say now and beyond
because, through "The Secret,"
I have, perhaps, reached
already so much people.
That's already a check,
right, on the checklist.
But, um-- it's--
it's-- you know,
one of the things, when
I put a number on it,
I always say, and beyond.
It's like to
infinity and beyond.
You know, in the movies.
So really-- but feeling
it that I'm connecting
with 500 million people.
So it's very crowded in the
morning in my meditation,
I would say.
But it's-- it's just
being that, living it.
And so it means that every
action you take, every thought
that comes, every feeling,
every step I take on my journey,
I'm focusing on that.
And it can be being interviewed.
It's like, OK, you reach
a few million people.
But it's also going to
being in the elevator,
and always having a
smile on your face,
and having the
light in your eyes,
and saying a little
hi to these people.
And so it's not about
the big numbers.
It's every day,
everyone you meet.
Because then you know that
everybody that you meet--
they are those--
They are those.
They're part of it.
You know, you cannot say, I'll
only take these ones, right?
It's everyone you meet.
And, you know, it's one of
these things that happens.
So now, you know,
we're in Monaco
and two years ago, I had this
very interesting experience.
I suddenly had this very
intense pain in my belly.
And I was like-- so
I went to the doctor.
And he's like, OK,
you have a really--
something needs to be operated.
And I was like, hm, OK.
And I had like, two
days later, a very
important presentation with
some people here in Monaco.
I said, OK, I have
two days to recover.
He said, no, no.
If you have an operation
tomorrow, you have a week.
I'm like, OK, this is not
in my law of attraction,
but if it is, then so it be.
You know, perhaps I need to
meet the doctors and the nurses.
And perhaps that's part
of my 500 million people.
And so I did my meditation.
And I did exactly what
the doctor's suggested
me-- the antibiotics and so on.
And-- but a woman came next to
me in another bed in the room.
A two bedroom room.
And-- and I said to her, well,
she's one of my 500 million
that I'm reaching.
And every day, I'm radiating
my light to these 500 million
people and you're one of them.
And so I thought like,
well, she's one of them.
I said to her, tell
me about your life.
And she said, well, I'm
very anxious that I'm here.
And I was-- thank god,
I'm not in your bed
because my dear friend, her
name is Marie-- and I was like,
oh, my name is Marie, too.
Well, she died in this bed.
-Oh.
And I took care of her.
And so they brought
me to this, you know,
hospital room and I'm so
happy I'm not in that bedroom.
And I said, what did
your friend always say?
She said, well, she always said
to me, if there is one day you
could to meet a Feng Shui
master, that would be just
so amazing for you to know.
And you need to
learn The Secret.
And she said, yeah, I'm
here now, and she's dead,
and how can I meet
that Feng Shui master,
and how can I meet,
you know, The Secret?
And I said, well,
I'm Marie Diamond.
I'm a Feng Shui, perhaps the
only one right now in Monaco,
and I'm part of The Secret.
And she said, oh my god.
And so we took the whole
night to talk and to let-- you
know, bring her light
back and-- and connect
her back with her love.
And the next day,
my pain was gone.
The doctor said,
c'est impossible.
Because it was all gone.
I was like, I was just here to
connect with one of the people
of the 500 million.
And so if you always understand
that if you have this focus
that everyone you connect with
is the one that you, perhaps,
need to bring love
and light to, then--
so that was a wonderful
story just in Monaco.
Yeah.
I've noticed, having practiced
myself the law of attraction,
that sometimes we think, oh
my goodness, now it's over.
It's done.
It's too late.
How do you actually-- and
I'm thinking of an interview
I did with Wayne Dyer on Maui.
And I really thought
this-- this is
not going to happen now because
time is really running out.
But, you know, what
do you recommend
when there is those things
where you think, oh, no.
This is-- now it's
not going to happen.
This is not working.
Yeah.
Well, I always say,
you know, we do
not the agenda of the universe.
OK?
So I try to kind
of match my agenda
with the universal agenda
and the agenda of god
that I don't know.
And so when something is not
happening, I'm like, OK, well
there's another plan right now.
Or I have to meet, perhaps,
someone else right now.
Or there's another
purpose right now.
So I-- I try not to go
into the drama of it.
I think that's a
really big thing--
is try to keep it light and
say, well, perhaps this is
just time to relax right now.
Perhaps, in my agenda,
this is relax time.
And-- or it's time
for reflection.
Or it's time to, perhaps,
focus more on what
I really want to accomplish.
I had things not happening.
You know, many things.
And then it was like
another door opened
and then some amazing things
were happening beyond that.
And I was like, I couldn't have
figured that one out, right?
So if I would have taken
that door or that pathway,
I would have been
great, but, apparently,
there was something else.
So I always go in
a complete trust.
And I have learned
to be in trust.
Now I have been practicing
this for a while, right?
And sometimes there's doubt.
And then you're
like, I don't know.
Just go back in the trust
and go back to your focus.
What are you here for?
What is your love?
What is your light?
And then-- and try to do steps.
I mean, I'm not sitting there
meditating the whole day,
right?
I'm-- I am a mother,
I am a business woman,
I'm a consultant.
So I-- I move forward.
Don't stop because
something is not happening.
What I have noticed, with
Wayne Dyer for example--
I thought it would
happen on the beach.
It didn't happen.
But I still-- I said,
OK, it's all good.
Everything is good as it is.
And then, 10 minutes later,
I receive a text message.
And here I was, an hour
later, at his place.
Well, I think that's
what we need to do.
Is not getting into the
drama, and the doubt,
and the fear of
it's not happening.
And just saying, well, accept.
You know, there's,
perhaps, another plan.
And then that other
plan can unfold.
But if you go in fear,
and if you go in doubt,
and if you go in
really, you know,
the drama of it, then what
will unfold is more drama.
Mm hm.
So at that moment, you just
say, OK, I come into that place
of zen, of energy, of silence.
And like, OK, I accept
there's, perhaps, another road.
And then the road can unfold.
But the road cannot
unfold, if you're going
into the drama
because then you open
a whole other door right there.
So it's all a
matter of energy then
and how we're feeling
every step of the way?
It's not so much the events?
-Yeah.
I think it's really
holding the frequency,
holding the vibration.
And, you know, sometimes things
are happening and beyond then
what you can actually imagine.
Mm.
And that's what I like.
You know, there's things
sometimes-- you know,
I started-- when I moved to
America about 10 years ago,
you know, I had no clue.
You know, any one of the people
in "The Secret," for example,
I did not know of
their existence.
I didn't know the
self help industry.
I was just a meditation and
Feng Shui master from Belgium,
right, that just got the inner
call, moved to California.
And it was so interesting
because I made my vision board.
And I put on my
vision board, I'm
going to be in a movie seen by
hundreds of millions of people
that will transform the world.
And I thought like,
oh, I don't know how.
You know, I thought like,
I'm close Hollywood.
Could be an actress, could
be a producer, or a director,
or-- I never thought it
would be as myself, right?
Mm.
And so I bought myself a
fake Oscar statue, right?
And I put a label on
it, Marie Diamond.
And I put in 2006
because I figure somehow,
I'll only need a
few years, right?
Like four years.
And actually the next
day after I made this,
I already met one
person that's also
in "The Secret," Marcy Shimoff.
-Mm hm.
Great.
-And, um-- and so she unfolded.
Opened up address books
because she became a friend,
and a student, and a client.
And because of that, I
ended up in the kitchen
of Jack Canfield, right?
And-- and so he
brought me into the TLC
where a lot of "The
Secret" was filmed.
And-- and so it's just
because I put the focus up.
And I kind of looked
at my Oscar every day.
And I was like,
oh, come on, Oscar.
I kind of, you know,
fantasized about it.
But the funny part
of it, it was--
I was focusing on that
movie, but because I had
my Oscar, within a
few months, I had
my first Oscar winning client.
Mm.
So that Oscar, you
know, traveled with me.
And then a few years
ago, it was really
interesting-- I thought I had
this one Oscar statue, right?
And I said, but
what if-- and all
my clients I met
so far in Hollywood
had like one Oscar nomination
or one Oscar statue.
And I said, but
what are the people
that have won three Oscars?
Right?
So then I said, well,
why don't I do that.
So I bought myself
three Oscar statues.
And-- and I actually
put them there
and every day I was
like connecting with it.
And a week later, I get a
phone call from someone.
She says, well, I
want you-- you know,
you're invited to come and
do a consultation for someone
in Hollywood, but we don't
want to mention the name.
I said, wow, that's really
difficult for me, you know?
And she said, well,
you're referred
by this and this person.
I'm like, OK, I-- it'll be OK.
So I ended up in the
bedroom of someone
with three Oscars statues.
-Oh, my.
And I said to this person--
I said, when did you call me?
And she said, well-- she said,
well, we already knew about you
for four years, but only last
week, Tuesday, we thought,
we need Marie in our home.
And that was a day I put my
three Oscars statues out.
It was like saying
to the universe--
-Mm hm.
-I give permission.
I'm ready for that
vibration, you know?
Yeah.
So that was really fun
thing to see that happening.
Yeah.
There were people
that also attract
things or keep on attracting
things that they don't want.
-Yeah.
-What's your advice?
Well, one of the things
that I teach people
is that there are three parts
of the law of attraction.
The first part is what we call
your spiritual connection,
your heavenly luck.
And that's part of what we have
attracted from childhood on.
And it can be things
connect with your ancestors.
Like perhaps your mother and
father, or your community,
or your family, or your culture
has created collective patterns
and love attractions.
And so you, perhaps, are
vibrating on that fields.
And you, as you
were born into it,
you kind of were
given this, I would
say pattern and frequency.
And you just accepted it.
And you kept, you know,
connecting with it all the way.
So we say that's about 33.3%.
We sometimes call it the
karma or the destiny.
I say, sometimes it can even be
from previous life experiences,
previous life forms that you are
still attracting something in.
And perhaps that's far
going for many people,
but if I say that's the
whole package you had,
can you change that?
I said, yes.
Through prayer, and
through meditation,
and through forgiveness
you can definitely
release that package.
But it's a package that we
have not so much control over.
Then we have what we call
in the law of attraction
the human law of
attraction that most people
in the secret, for example, and
in self help are working with.
And it's how you
think, how you feel,
and how you act in life,
how you handle things.
And the Chinese
law of attraction,
Feng Shui masters are
saying, this is another 33%.
It's not 100%.
It's not because you think
about it that it will happen.
If your spiritual law is
saying something else,
if your ancestors have given
you a different message,
these messages will
clash with each other.
And so you can think about it.
So it's not because you have the
million dollar on your ceiling
that it just will
happen because you
think about it all the time.
It's possible you have
a deep rooted fear
of money, for
example, that has been
given through your parents.
But there's another third
of the law of attraction
that I actually always
wanted to bring into people.
And it's-- we call it the
environmental, the earth luck.
And that's actually what
the Feng Shui masters and
the dowsers are talking about.
It's that you environment,
your home, your office
has a frequency of its own.
And so we're living in
a home 24 hours a day,
or our office eight hours a
day, and it says that everything
that is around you is actually
affecting what's inside of you
because we are programmed
95% subconsciously.
So it's not just the
patterns of our parents,
and our family, and our culture.
It's everything you see.
So if you're sitting at
a desk, and perhaps you
can do that right now or
wherever you're sitting,
and you are looking
up, what do you see?
What is the image
you're seeing there?
Now that image, even if
you don't look at it,
gives you, subconsciously,
a vibration.
So if you want romance,
and you're just surrounded
by single women or men, and
you're walking everywhere
in your home into that field,
you're subconsciously saying,
it's OK to be single.
I love to be single.
Even if you do not want
to be single, right?
And so we see that Feng
Shui and dowsing is really
part of uplifting, and making
the environment lighter,
and giving it the
right message to what
you really truly believe.
That's why when I put
my vision board up,
don't hang it in your kitchen
or on your fridge, right?
But hang it where
you see it every day.
My Oscar statues were out there.
Now they were not--
you know, I found
some Oscar statues actually
in a bathroom by some people.
And then their career
went down, right?
So where--
-Down the hole.
Down the drain.
-Down the drain, right?
So it's all about what you
want to surrounded with.
Like some people say,
well, you have to surround
yourself with the right people.
Or who do you have coffee with?
Right?
I said, that's right, but who
do you surround with in images?
In colors?
If you don't color your
life, how can you-- you know,
you don't color your home,
how can your life be colorful?
If you're, you know,
not coloring your body
and don't make
yourself nice, how can
you feel, inside of yourself?
But also, that's what
Feng Shui is, actually.
I would call it the quantum
physics of your environment.
And that's why I added
to the law of attraction
how things work around you.
Mm hm.
And that's why I thought
about in "The Secret."
And I believe it's because
of that that I was part
of "The Secret"
because nobody else
was talking about that aspect.
Like, what are the images
that are around you?
And so many people say,
I saw you telling this
and I was like-- look
in their bedroom.
And they're like, oh my god!
You know, it's all
pictures of me.
So who do I make love with?
Right?
Who am I in love with?
Mm hm.
Me?
Great.
But someone else, too, I hope.
-Yeah.
-Is there space?
Is there--
-Is there space for it, right?
So dowsing.
We don't often speak about that.
You do, great.
-I do.
Great.
It's courageous.
Yeah.
And I have many, many thousands
of students worldwide.
Business people and, you know,
people all over the world
that are really
working with dowsing.
As I was really
focusing on environment,
I also started understanding
how the quantum physics field
of the earth is influencing us.
And so that all the frequencies
of what is happening
in the earth-- the fault lines,
the water that is running under
is-- does affect us.
And so I created a whole
system, Diamond Dowsing,
where we actually
are finding what
we call the break points in our
law of attraction of our home.
And so people are sometimes
not sleeping very well
or they have conflicts.
And I come into their
bedroom, or their office,
or their restaurant.
And so we cure it.
And then, suddenly,
their thoughts
started changing, their
feelings started changing,
their health is
improving because there's
not such a pressure anymore
that is pulling down.
Because dowsing really
creates a law of lightness.
And your-- the whole air,
the whole feeling of a home
actually completely changes.
And it was just yesterday,
coming over here,
I was opening a magazine.
There was a very important
restaurant in Brussels.
And he-- you know, he was a
client of mine many years ago.
And his restaurant has
just been completely down.
He had actually moved some
things in his restaurant.
And he had a Michelin
Star, two Michelin Stars.
-Wow.
-And he lost them in one year.
And he called me and said,
there's something wrong.
I said, yeah, but
what did you do?
And-- and so I changed things
around and now he's-- you know,
he has a Michelin Star again.
And he said, it
was so interesting
how he moved things around.
He said, I didn't like
it, but I couldn't
feel what it was until I really
looked at the dowsing level.
And he was standing
all the time,
welcoming people on a place
where his conscious experience
was actually really low.
He became very pulled
down, he became depressed.
And as he then, you know,
was in a better place,
he started being uplifted again.
So it is a very
important part of what
I do in the law of attraction,
uplifting the home,
and the office, and the company
for a whole other level.
And people just
feel it right away.
It's an amazing-- an
amazing part of it.
Yeah.
-How does it work, the dowsing?
You hold two sticks?
Yeah.
We have two dowsing sticks
and we have dowsing cures.
I always say it's a
kind of acupuncture.
An acupuncture of your home.
It's like when the
chi doesn't work,
when the flow doesn't
work in your body,
you put a little needle, right?
Or a little pressure.
Yeah.
Well, it's the same thing.
There are places in your home.
And most people know it.
Like, they don't like that area.
Or they don't want to sit there.
If we sit there,
we get very tired.
Or they're getting
dis-concentrated.
And so when you-- when you put
the things there, they're like,
feels uplifted.
And I always say to people, look
where the children like to play
in your home because
the children,
they always know exactly
where the best energy is.
Or where the dog wants to stay.
The dog loves the
very positive energy.
But where the cat
stays, don't stay there.
Yeah.
The cat always feels where
the negative energy is,
and she goes on it, and
tries to clear it for you.
Yeah.
And so-- but it still means
it's a negative place.
They love the beds, too, and
to put all their fur on there.
Yeah.
Well, if they are on the bed,
it's because you have problems
in the stress line of your bed.
And I always-- when I find--
you know, I said, look,
that's where your
cat always sleeps.
And they're like,
that's it, exactly.
So, well-- and so we cure it.
The cat never comes
on the bed anymore
afterwards because it's cured.
So she's like, I cannot
do anything anymore.
The energy is uplifted.
Yeah.
So cats are an indication
and transforming it.
But, you know, we don't
always have to ask
the cats to do it, right?
-Uh huh.
So-- so you use it
through to find the-- kind
of the negative spots?
-Yeah.
But also the positive because
you can set an intention
and find your power spot?
-Yes.
So there are also
positive places, what
you called positive vortexes.
And when, for example, you know
where the most positive law
of attraction places a few home,
place there your vision board,
or place there the
images of your family,
or place there your goals.
The energy goes faster
and your law of attraction
manifests actually
for 33% faster.
So we see that the
timing of manifestation
shortens when you add your
environment to the picture.
Can you explain that on
a quantum physic level?
Well, on a quantum physic
level, what do we see?
It's that, you know, everything
is energy as we know.
And everything has a frequency.
Also your home.
And so we see that the
earth has frequencies
that she needs to have.
You know, the stress
lines or the fault lines.
That's part of what the
breakdown of the earth is.
But that also has a frequency.
And so-- but if you sleep
on such as stress line, what
happens is your
body will attract
exactly that stress line
in your mind, in your body.
And so it's an aligning
with the stress line.
Mm hm.
So what we doing,
we're saying, OK,
let's-- let's have the
earth, the stress energy,
but let's not bring it to us.
So we actually are redirecting
that stress energy in the right
away that nobody's
harmed anymore.
And so we make sure then that
the quantum field of heaven,
you know, can actually
completely manifest
in our three dimensional world.
So we're actually making the
multi-dimensional vibration
actually being placed
completely in a very
good place on this planet.
Yeah.
And we can-- we can cure
these places ourselves,
even if we sit-- see our
cat on the bed or something
that it feels draining.
As you said earlier,
all those signs.
We can do things?
-Yeah.
That's what I teach
the people, you know?
In the Diamond Dowsing,
we have virtual programs,
home study courses
where you actually
are completely curing that.
And it's just amazing to see
people change, children change,
you know, companies doing
so much better, the flow.
Everybody's just
much more happier
and then their law of
attraction just happens.
And so we know it.
When you we go in a
certain place, we're like,
oh, this is so dense and it's
so difficult to get focused.
And then they get
easier in their focus,
and their mind is open,
their hearts are open.
And it's just their
quantum field of their home
is the most uplifted
as possible.
Mm hm.
So the dowsing would be
more something energetic,
or speaking, and
shifting, whereas the Feng
Shui would be object, colors?
-Yes.
Yeah.
Feng Shui is really
about, first of all,
based on your personal
law of attraction.
So we look at your
personal birthday
and then we're giving you what
is your portal off success,
your portal of help, your
portal of relationships,
your portal of wisdom.
-It's not the bagua?
-No.
It is not.
It's actually really the
compass where the compass is
a representation of
the quantum field
on the three dimensional level.
And so based on your
birthday, you're
sitting a certain direction.
For example, I'm
sitting here now,
but I already looked
immediately on my compass
if it would be a good
direction for me.
And I'm sitting facing my
relationship direction,
what I'm really appreciating.
So what it does is that whatever
I'm doing, the flow of energy
will be more accepted.
Whatever my words are, will be
more going into the universe.
So we're working with
that, first of all,
based on your personal
energy number.
And then we're actually
placing images and colors
on the right places
in your office,
in your bedroom, in
your living room.
And you always try to sit a
certain direction, facing,
because your chakra
system is connecting
with an aspect-- a portal.
I say it's a portal
to the universe.
Like a frequency that always
is easy and effortless.
So Feng Shui makes things
easy and effortless.
And so that whatever
potential you have,
whatever talent
you have, that it's
actually flowing all the time.
So my students and clients,
they are always-- they
know their directions and they
have a little law of attraction
app on iPhone
where they can find
their law of attraction number.
And they actually
check that out,
and they have a little compass,
and they are-- in every place
they are, they're like always
making sure every meeting,
every contract
they have to sign,
they're always sitting
the right direction.
Or in a hotel room,
they make sure they
sleep the right direction
as much as possible.
And they are starting
to feel that the flow is
so much easier.
Things just happen.
It's like coming into the
world and coming into America,
I just-- things have
been easy and effortless.
I don't really-- I don't
really have to do so much.
The universe is
bringing it to me
all the time because
the portal is open.
Yeah.
But it has to do
with your inner world.
Your inner universe
is actually stabled,
centered, at a good vibration.
Yeah.
It's both.
I think it's both
inner universe--
Right.
You know, through meditation,
and prayer, and being in light,
and being-- and loving people.
And at the same time,
the outer universe.
And the outer universe
needs to be aligned.
I always say, the message
from what is within you
needs to align with the
message outside of you.
You know, we all want things
to manifest in the world,
but if your a first layer of
the outer universe-- your home,
your bedroom, your office-- is
sending a different message,
I'm telling you that outer
message will actually
win because it supports you
or not supports you for 95%
in your subconscious mind.
So you can say, well, I
want, you know, romance.
I want health.
But you have all clutter
and mess around you.
Your subconscious mind is
getting this all the time.
And so first thing I always
say is like, you want to order,
you want direction, but
you come in your home
and you don't find anything.
You know, it's like,
where is everything here?
-Mm hm.
-OK.
How can there come a
direction in your life
if you don't create
direction in your home.
It's the home outside
reflects back to the inside.
And actually, I
always say it's easier
to sometimes work
on the outside,
not to work on the inside.
Oh, yeah.
You know, it's saying, change
your bed and sleep better.
You know, hang a different
message, feel happier.
And then the inside
starts changing.
And so I would say
changing your mindset,
let's be honest,
that's sometimes
a difficult one, right?
Or like changing your thoughts
and doing something different.
But--
Yeah.
If you wake up in the morning,
and you have slept wonderfully,
and the vibration is
high, and you wake up,
and you see all beautiful
colors, you cannot be anything
else than feeling more happy.
And then you stand up, and you
go into the rest of your home,
and you're just like, everything
is so loving because you
have been loving yourself.
You know, your home
should be your love nest.
But not just the love
nest for the romance,
but they love nest for
the soul that you are.
Yeah.
Because there is
the-- the Feng Shui.
So it's something that was
developed by the Chinese,
right?
But then there's all
kinds of Feng Shui?
Well, I really--
They could do something wrong.
Yeah.
Well, what is wrong?
You know, I always, well,
perhaps I was part of your plan
at that time, right?
I mean, there's a reason why
you connect with me right now.
So I really use the old
systems of Feng Shui.
I'm actually really trained
in the Eastern traditions.
And I would say, you know, every
tradition has a beauty to it.
And perhaps that's what you
need exactly at that moment.
But I believe that we need to
be as personalized as possible.
Really.
Because you're very
unique and I'm unique.
And so my connection
with universe
has to go-- you came in
through a very unique
with your unique soul.
So I want to you to stay
as unique as possible.
And so we have seen that there
is some general things you can
do with Feng Shui,
but as more unique
you are-- if you put your
vision board in your success
direction, your personal
success direction,
you have amazing more results.
And if you, for
example-- and something
very general, but very important
is always try to see the door.
-Yeah.
-You know?
Always tried to see--
-Yeah.
Never turn your back.
Yeah.
To the door.
So always make sure that you're
sitting as a queen or a king.
So if you have a desk and your
desk is facing the window,
you can say, well, I
love to see the window.
I say, yeah, that's
great, but there's nobody
coming in through the window.
You know, who comes
through the window?
You have to come
through the door.
People, energy comes
So you have to see the door.
And the moment you do that, the
universe is realigning with you
and saying, oh, she's open
or he's open to opportunities
and wonderful things.
And so what you see is
that, energetically,
as you're turning things around,
something turns in yourself.
And you start opening
windows, and doors,
and phone calls start happening,
and emails start happening.
It's like, for example, if I
want to go and do something,
I'm like, OK, I'll-- I want to
connect with, uh-- I remember,
many years ago, I
was like, I'm ready
to speak in Russian in Russia.
And I just put on
my vision board,
in my success direction,
Russia, here I come.
Right?
And a week later,
I got, you know,
a beautiful reaction from
Russia to come and speak
there for 3,000 women.
And I was like, ah.
Now did I do something for it?
Eh.
I put it on my vision board and
I said to the universe, hello!
I'm ready to go!
And so that's how I work.
I would say my vision
board and my inner vision
board are aligned.
And my home, who is a
three dimensional vision
board, you know, is aligned.
And so even in every hotel
room, in my success direction,
I put immediately
my business cards,
my products, my little
picture of my vision board
that I have with me.
And in my relationship
direction I always
make sure there's family and
the business cards of the people
I need to meet.
Or I write it down on
a little Post-it note.
You know, a little-- this
morning, Lilou, you know,
is going to meet with me.
And it's always aligning.
All the time aligning
and following the flow.
Uh huh.
Would you call also
outside, external forces
to help you along the way?
-Yes.
Of course.
You know, it's like, for me,
I believe god and the universe
is in everything I am
and in everything I do.
And there are always
mentors, and masters,
and angels, and guides,
and people, you know,
that are loving and
supporting to you.
And of course you can.
The more the better,
I would always say.
But you can bring them all
in, but if you do not believe
and connecting with the
god within yourself,
you know, these outside forces
cannot support you as much.
Yeah.
You know, you have to always
first go within yourself.
-Yeah.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
You're part of the
Transformational
Leadership Program.
What-- what are you
guys working on?
Are there some things
that you're excited about?
Well, I'm a founding member
of the Transformational
Leadership Counsel.
And I'm actually presiding
now the association
chapter in Europe.
I'm very excited about that.
So we're actually bringing--
-Congratulations.
Thank you.
I'm bringing in the-- the
transformation leaders,
bringing them together.
Because, you know, the
transformation leaders
in the entertainment
industry, or in the self help,
or in the business industry,
they're working also hard.
And they are just giving
and helping so many people.
But sometimes we just need
to get together and kind
of re-nurture ourselves.
Just--
Mm hm.
So that has been an amazing
aspect and to become friends
also with other leaders.
-Your environment.
Yeah.
Who you connect with.
And to say like,
you know, if there's
somebody that needs some help,
you can give them a call.
It has become of a
beautiful family.
And, you know, Jack
Canfield started that idea
just in his living room.
And I was lucky to be invited
as his, at that time, adviser
and to be part of it.
And I remember sitting there.
I'm like, oh, all
these important people.
You know, I felt very shy.
And Jack said-- very
kindly, he said,
one day, Marie, you will be
as famous as everyone else.
I know that.
And I was like, OK, this
is part of my journey.
If I want to reach
500 million people,
OK, I have to accept
that I'm a transformation
leader to reach all of you.
And so what we
really are working on
is supporting each
other to be better
in our transformation work.
I think that's our
major focus, so that we
feel re-energized each time
when we are with each other.
And we give each other,
you know, support
and love because we are
giving constantly, you know?
All the time.
And--
But you've also learned,
all of you guys, to receive.
It's a big one.
-We do.
We do.
And receiving from each other.
And of course, we receive love
and support from other people--
In abundance because the
transformation leaders are
successful, financially, too.
We do allow that also to come.
I mean, that's an important
part because how can
we, otherwise,
provide the material?
Can we provide time for people?
And of course, you know, all
of the transformation leaders
are really wonderful in charity,
and tiding, and giving back,
you know, many free
hours to the community.
It's another part of the law
of attraction, tiding, huh?
It is.
Tiding, scholarship,
giving freely, you know?
Every knows that.
I would say it's
a minimum of 10%.
If-- you know,
sometimes it's 30%,
you know, that we--
and sometimes there
are weeks that you're
like, well, I've
been giving the whole
week and-- but, you
know, the universe is
always giving back,
abundantly, back to you.
But it's time, it's
effort, it's connections.
Sometimes it's like
somebody-- like two days ago,
somebody really, really
needed some huge support
in their life.
And they were like, OK, I'll
make a phone call, right?
Here.
Call them.
So it can be that.
You know, if you're a
transformation leader,
you have more access
sometimes to people in power
and with a lot of networking.
And so you just
make a phone call.
And that already is also a
giving back to the world.
But, of course, we have our own
material needs, I always say.
Like in the ancient times,
when you were a transformation
leader, you were a
priest, a high priest,
you were supported
by the community.
And that's not always
possible anymore.
So, you know, that's
why we have also clients
that's pay you and support you
with books-- buying your books
and so forth.
Or giving you that
financial-- so we can
continue the work we're doing.
Otherwise, we are
not able to do that.
-Yes.
-Yeah.
Well, thank you very
much for your generous,
you know, contribution here
to this global conversation
because a lot of people want
this information, especially
on Gaiam TV.
I know they're-- they're
very-- they're curious
and they want to learn more.
And I love that and
I'm, too, part of that.
And-- and how can we summarize
everything that we've said,
so that we can leave everybody
with-- with something really
powerful and to remember?
I believe that you are,
in whatever field you are,
an enlightened leader.
It can mean an
enlightened leader
in your family, an enlightened
leader in your community,
for the world.
And so you can only
really connect with that,
if you truly trust, really
trust the light that you have
and start being that loving
person that you're here to be.
I believe that's what
we all are here for.
And to be more of that
light that you already are.
-Mm.
-Yeah.
Because we're all that light.
Even though if we have moments
of that depression or darkness,
there is-- obviously,
there is a light.
We can find it.
We do have sometimes
shadow side,
you know, shadow
moments in our life.
But I always say, you know,
sometimes that shadow side
helps us to find the light.
Yeah.
And that's an
important part of it.
Well, thank you so much, Marie
Diamond for this beautiful time
here in Monaco in the
Principato di Monaco
in Monte Carlo, where the
Formula 1-- and there's a lot,
a lot of very abundant,
wealthy people here.
And you want to move here?
-Yes.
Yes.
I'm relocating in this area.
Not to Monaco itself, but
just a little bit outside.
Yeah.
And, um-- but there's a lot of
wonderful, wealthy people here,
but very giving.
-Yeah.
It's one of the
places with the most
charity donations in the world.
And so a lot of
wealthy people also
know that it's
part of their task,
once they have the wealth.
And so Monaco is very well
known for their giving back.
Well, that's what
I've discovered
throughout those videos and
interviews here in Monaco.
I wasn't expecting that
because what you see first,
of course, is those
beautiful big yachts, and
huge properties, and big cars.
And you're like, OK, this
is out of proportion maybe,
this yacht compared
to some other things.
But no.
You find really generous
people that are ready to help
and give, so this is wonderful.
-Yeah.
It is.
And of course, there
are just regular people
like us that are, perhaps,
you know, living here.
But it's also-- it's
a vibrational field
of wealth and generosity.
I believe it's a
combination that I haven't
found in many other places.
And Prince Albert
shows the way.
I think he definitely
does with his lovely wife.
Yeah.
-Thank you.
Thank you.
Much, much love to
all of you watching.
Thank you for watching Gaiam TV.
We sen you lots and lots of
love and light from Monaco.
-Yeah.
-Bye.
Bye.